This project belongs to the manuscript entitled "XXX" by D Juljugin (1), K Stahlmann (1), A Zapf (1). 1 Institute of Medical Biometry and Epidemiology, University Medical Center Hamburg Eppendorf, Hamburg, Germany
It contains the code to replicate the simulation study and its results. The simulated data are provided as well. 
Author of the code: Dennis Juljugin
Corresponding author: Katharina Stahlmann (k.stahlmann@uke.de)

How to replicate the simulation study
 
Folder: "Simulation Code"

"simulation code.R" and "simulation parallel code.R" are the main R files that are needed to run the simulation. Both of them will produce the same results, "simulation parallel code.R" just runs faster as it is coded in a way that makes use of parallel processing. The main simulation code sources information from "grid.R" (data frame of all simulation scenarios), "catdata.R" (ACD package) and "functions 3.R" (data generation function and worst case scenario function).


Folder: "Data Sets"

This folder includes all the data that is generated by ``simulation parallel code.R''/``simulation code.R''. The RData files are named after the respective imputation method.


Folder: "Analysis Code"

"results rsimsum.R" is the main file to calculate the results (and generate nested loop plots) using the rsimsum package with the data sets from "Data Sets".
"coverage preparation.R" is additionally needed to calculate the coverages. "logit coverage sensitivity.R", "logit coverage specificity.R", "wald coverage sensitivity.R" and "wald coverage specificity.R" can be used to generate the nested loop plots for the respective coverages.
"power calculation.R" can recreate the power calculations in this study. 


Folder: "Plots"

This folder includes all the original PDF files of all the plots in this study.

This project is licensed under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 3 License - see the LICENSE.md file for details
